gh-92445 Fix incorrect interaction between nargs="*" and choices() (#92565)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-05-09-21-31-41.gh-issue-92445.tJosdm.rst

> Fixed broken interaction where nargs="*" would raise an error instead of returning

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug in :mod:`argparse` where `nargs="*"` would raise an error instead of returning
```

an empty list when 0 arguments were supplied if choice was also defined in

> argparser.add_argument().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``parser.add_argument``.
```
also in → with ?
